Nav Bar (Questionable)
  Wildlife/River
  Rates & Tours
  Faqs


Intro
  Title Image/Slideshow of kayaks, river, manatees, etc
  Slogan: Save a manatee, ride a kayak
  We are the number one recommended site on tripadvisor or tripadvisor reviews
  Logo included somewhere
  Follow on instagram/fb
  
  
Wildlife:
  Land
    Deer, Wild pigs, racoons, beaver, otter
  Aquatic
    Manatees, Freshwater fish, saltwater fish, softshell turtle, snapping turtle
  Birds
    Bald eagles, osprey, egrets, blue herring, Ibis, hawks
  Follow us on instagram/facebook for more photos and videos
  
  
Rates & Tours
  Tandem Kayaks - $40
  Canoes - $40
  Single Kayaks - $35
  (Image of each of these ^)
  Personal Boat Launching - $20 per boat
  
  (prices do not include sales tax)
  All rentals include: paddle/oars, USCG Approved Life Jacket with whistle,
  Reservations encouraged (Walkups accepted, reservations prefered call # to make reservation)


FAQS
  Temp of river?
    Water stays 72F to 74F year round (Spring source)
  How long is trip?
    Most people take about 1.5 - 2 hrs. Take your time.
  Seasonal trips?
    Weeki Wachee is opened year round
  How hard is it to paddle?
  Are dogs allowed on the river?
    You can bring your dog, but only to the first drop of point. The furthest drop of point (State Park) does not allow dogs.
  Can I pet manatees?
    .........idk
  Are there alligators or crocodiles on the river?
    Alligators are a rare sight on the river, but occasionally you may spot one on the river bank. Alligators prefer to keep 
      their distance from people and are not aggressive by nature.
  Do you guys have paddleboards?
    We do not, but you can bring your own.
    
  
  
Hours of Operation
  Open for launching (9-3) 
    arrive by 2:30, launch latest at 3 
    They are technically open from 9 to dusk, but the latest they launch boats is 3
    call for earlier reservations (8:00)
  One of the only companies without late fees, take your time. Encourage to be back by dusk.
    to ensure that our availability please call for a reservation. (Due to high volume walkups may not be available)
  
  
Footer:

Contact Info
  Number w/ link
  Address w/ google maps link
  Email w/ link
  
External Sites
  Check us out on TripAdvisor
  Follow on FB
  Follow on Instagram
  
 Legal
  Images/Vectors used
  
  
Misc Info (Not sure where it goes)
  Overview of trip
    Customers park at weekiWacheeKayaking
    Load bus with boats and customers
    Can drop off at one of two locations (One shorter, one further up at the state park)
    Typically drop off at state park, where we have dry dock (you don't have to get wet)
    Float down river (1.5-2hrs)
    Pickup location is on one of our dry docks next to the "Tailgate Sports Bar". Customers of WeekiWachee get a 10% discount
      at restaurant
